Narrator: This is a story
of the great Hero, Sir Avan,
from days long ago,
when he served as a member
of the Order of Carl...
and the Dark Lord Hadlar sought
to rule the Surface World.
Hadlar: The time has come...
At long last, the fate of
the world is within my grasp.
[snarling]
Hadlar: Now go forth,
my monsters.
Wipe out the pathetic humans.
Burn their towns, their homes!
Lay waste to their nations!
Narrator: Against
the fearsome Dark Lord
and his legion of creatures...
the human armies
were helpless.
It quickly seemed as
if evil would triumph.
But the Kingdom of
Carl stood resolute,
fending off the Dark Army's
invasion at every turn.
With their elite
order of knights,
led by the brave Sir Roka,
the nation became the last
bastion of hope for humanity-
and a thorn in
the Dark Lord's side.
Hadlar: Curse you, Carl Kingdom.
I will find your weakness.
Oh!
Man: It's the Princess!
My good people,
lend me your ears.
Flora: No matter how
much chaos the Dark Army
may bring to our world,
we have no reason to fear.
In fact, the Dark Lord is
the one who fears us.
For we humans
have the power to
unite in a way that his
monsters never could.
And that is why I shall
ride into battle myself...
Together with our
mighty Order of Carl!
Princess Flora sure is brave.
Citizen: We'll fight,
too, Your Highness!
Narrator: Because her father,
the King of Carl,
was sick and bedridden,
the princess took
his place on the throne.
Thanks to her great
beauty and courage,
Flora's leadership soon
became a source of hope
for the rest of the world.
Aide: An excellent
speech, Your Highness.
Oh, I'm merely doing my job.
If anyone deserves the praise,
it's you - along with the Order.
Aide: Speaking of the Order,
it appears he's missing again.
Avan?
Flora: [giggling]
Ah, yes. He has a way of
disappearing, doesn't he?
I'll go and get him.
Ugh, skipping yet another royal
address - what a disgrace!
It's quite all
right, Sir Roka.
No, it's not.
He needs discipline.
And I know exactly
where he is.
Avan: Something's missing here.
This broth is too thin.
Woman: Oh, no! But I made
it just for you, Sir Avan.
Avan: We can save it. All it
needs is a little more kick.
If we mix in some
ground Feverfew stem,
I think it will all
come together...
There. Let's let that simmer.
Feverfew is great for
illnesses and injuries.
Plus, it's very nutritious.
Now for our secret ingredient,
we'll add a pinch
of Agility Seed.
Wow, Sir Avan. I didn't
know you could cook.
You can try my soup
anytime you like to!
Roka: Avan!
Ah, greetings, Sir Roka.
Is there a problem?
Don't play innocent with me.
Well, you're just in
time to have some lunch.
It's too bad you
didn't bring some bread.
Roka: Come with me!
Women: Aw... Come back soon!
Roka: Honestly, you have got
to get your act together.
Skipping your guard duty
to give a cooking class?!
I know, I apologize. Really.
But Roka, you're
the Order's strongest.
We both know you
could probably guard
the whole castle yourself.
Our soldiers need good, quality
food to keep their strength up.
Improving the quality
of what they eat
is a better way for
me to serve the kingdom.
Then open a restaurant.
Why you were chosen
for the Order of Carl
is one of life's
great mysteries.
It's probably
because I study.
The Zinuar family has raised
a long line of
scholars, you know.
Listen up. We're in the
age of war now - not books.
Roka: I hope you're
not busy reading
on the day the
Dark Lord attacks.
I'll be ready.
Not if you spend
all your time studying
and being fawned over by
girls like that, Avan.
You could at least
pick up a sword.
Avan: I know
that's important,
but don't you hope to
have a family someday?
Just think, you might even
have an adorable child
who takes after you.
If you haven't at least figured
out how to cook by then...
No, I'm devoting
my life to the sword.
Who needs a family?
You sure about that?
Family is a gift.
You'll regret missing out.
I'd rather run across the
kingdom naked than get married.
A real soldier has
no time for regret.
[bemused chuckle]
Anyways. You need to
defend yourself in battle.
Practice enough
for that, at least.
Your type might
be the hopeless kind,
but you can still
study the technique.
Yes, I understand. Roka.
You said it yourself...
there's a war coming.
[screaming]
Roka: Your Highness,
what's wrong?
W-What is this?!
Blood writing.
It- It just appeared.
What language is that?
Avan: The language
of the Darklings.
This is a communication
spell that uses mirrors.
Now, let's see.
I can translate:
"Tonight, I shall claim
the Princess as a sacrifice
in the name of the
God of the Underworld.
The Dark Lord."
What? Oh, no.
He wants the Princess?
Let's go. We'll increase
security at once.
Avan...
Knight: All of our forces are
on high alert, Captain Roka.
Roka: Very good.
All right, Lord Hadlar.
We're ready for you.
Roka, did Avan
tell you where he went?
Roka: Avan? Ah, he said
he had important business
and took off into the woods.
Flora: The woods?
That's right.
I told him there's nothing more
important than your safety...
But I give you my word-
we'll be able to protect
you even without that fool.
You have no reason to fear.
Roka [thought]: Damn it,
Avan. I trusted you!
After everything
we talked about,
you'd run away at
a time like this?
This is the last straw.
You and I are through.
Look at that - up there!
W-What's that light?!
Guard: It's the Dark Lord!
Everyone at the ready!
Pathetic.
I'll show you true power.
Gush!
Come out and
destroy the humans.
-[attacking grunts]
-[frightened yells]
[roaring]
[snarling]
Captain, there's a
whole horde of monsters!
Roka: What? Where
did they come from?!
[cackling]
Let's do this.
[roaring]
[pained groans]
Damn, he's so powerful.
Hadlar: Princess Flora.
It's such a pleasure to finally
be meeting you face-to-face.
I have come to claim
you as my prize.
[malevolent laughter]
Lord Hadlar, I can
see what you're up to.
Capturing me for the God of the
Underworld is just an excuse.
Hadlar: Oh?
You want to break
my people's resolve.
Leave them leaderless.
If I surrender myself
to the Dark Lord-
no one will be left to
stop you from taking over
the rest of the human world.
How wise.
You may be young, but
you're still full of wisdom.
Why don't you spare your
kingdom the trouble...
and kneel before me
while you still can?
Never!
Well, if you insist,
then I can kill
you right here.
Princess!
So, which option
would you prefer...
Submission, or doom?
Hadlar: Make your
choice, girl.
Avan: You call that a choice?
Avan.
He's back!
And who, pray tell, are you?
Mister Dark Lord.
Well, if you insist,
If you're trying to
win over a princess...
I can kill you right here.
you should really
work on your manners-
Princess...
that is, if you ask me.
So, which option
would you prefer...
I have no patience
for nonsense!
Submission, or doom?
Hadlar: Make your
choice, girl.
Avan: You call that a choice?
Not what I expected.
This Magic Bullet Gun
needs more work.
Avan.
[snarling]
You meddlesome pest...
Hadlar: What have you
done to my dragon?!
Oh, nothing...
A bit of spice. Just a
small sprinkle of Coagulant.
Huh? Coagulant?
That's right. It's a secret
compound I've been cooking up.
It seems to be working well.
Avan: It's made from moth dust.
Toxic to monsters.
Makes them go berserk.
Brilliant. Even the
creatures outside are fighting!
Yes, I gave them a
pinch on my way here.
It must be working.
And now your trusty
legion of monsters
has been rendered
useless, Lord Hadlar.
Roka [thought]: So that's
why he went into the forest-
he was catching Poison Moths.
Not bad, Avan!
You worm.
How dare you humiliate me with
such cowardly parlor tricks?
Now you pay!
Avan: I'll pay
for it? No, no...
Hadlar [thought]: What?
What a powerful Aura...
From such a
frail-looking man?!
You are the one who's about
to pay here, Dark Lord!
Flora [thought]:
Wait a minute!
I've seen that expression
on Avan's face before.
It was three years ago,
but I'd never forget it.
Before I knew all the
dangers of the forest,
I snuck out of the castle
looking for adventure...
[terrified shriek]
Flora [thought]: When
that monster attacked,
Avan must have been
somewhere nearby.
I'd be gone without him.
Flora [thought]:
I told him who I was,
and in thanks I gave him
my recommendation
to join the Order.
Flora [thought]:
But once they took him on,
he arrived to his
first day of training
in those odd glasses....
and he acted as though he
had no idea how to fight.
It was like he was trying to
keep his immense power a secret.
But he never fooled me.
I could tell that he was
only acting that way
because he didn't
want to show off,
or put the others to shame.
I know it seems silly.
But it would crush morale
if the Order knew...
If the need arises,
I promise to use all my power
to protect you and the Kingdom.
However, until
that time comes...
I understand.
And I promise to keep what
I know about you a secret.
Flora [thought]: The time has
finally come to show them all
what you've been hiding, Avan.
I do hope you realize
that if you're stupid enough
to pick a fight with me,
I won't hold anything back.
Oh, I don't want to fight.
But I... I hope you do realize
that I can't sit by and
watch someone hurt others for
their own ambitions, either.
And don't assume
I'm so naïve.
That's enough.
Frizzle!
What... How?!
Whoa! Since when can
Avan cast a spell?
Sizzle!
Hadlar [thought]: He's using
highly advanced magic...
especially for a mere human.
Oh, man - I never knew
Avan had this
kind of strength.
Knight: C'mon!
You can do it!
[frustrated groan]
Avan: It's over... Kafrizz!
Well, well. Not a bad show.
But you're still
only a human being.
Compared to my Magic Power,
yours is a trivial
inconvenience.
Avan [thought]: He can
cast a Kaboom spell?
No... If I dodge it,
he'll hit the Princess.
[shocked gasp]
Use your head. Stand down
and I'll show you mercy.
As you wish. Perish!
[agonized snarl]
You worthless...
[pained howl]
Avan: Roka!
[weakened chuckle]
Oh, yeah. I got him good.
He won't be casting that
spell anytime soon, will he?
Hadlar: Very well. A Boom
spell will have to suffice...
Now, I'll reduce you
all to ash!
You dare... You dare
to hurt my friend...
This is it!
Boom!
[roaring]
Wh-What's this
blinding light?!
[howling]
Knight: He did it!
Avan really defeated
the Dark Lord.
What a surprise.
[chuckling]
Avan: No. The Dark Lord
is still alive.
[confused breaths]
If he were
really gone for good...
that arm would crumble to ash.
He must still be out there.
Hadlar: [evil laughter]
Well done. Very observant!
I suppose I will retreat
for the time being.
But you'll never defeat
me with such paltry powers.
Mark my words, Avan...
You are beyond hope.
[cackling]
Avan [thought]: He's right.
With my current
level of power,
I won't be able
to finish him off.
Flora: I wish you didn't
have to leave, Avan.
These glasses are
a symbol of peace.
So until you defeat him - and
save the world from darkness...
I shall hold onto
them for you.
I'll try to be
back soon, Flora.
Flora: Meanwhile,
I'd like you to have this.
It's the Amulet of Carl-
an heirloom of
the royal family.
I'm sure its enchantment
will help you someday.
Well, then,
this charm is for you.
It's a Mysticite
pendant that was carved
using a special Zinuar
family technique.
I'm the only one left who knows
the secret to making these.
You would give me
something so valuable?
Avan, are you sure?
[chuckle]
Call it a trade.
Roka.
I'm coming with
you, my friend.
I still need to
pay back the Dark Lord
for making a mess out
of our great kingdom.
And just take off?
But without the
captain of its Order-
who's going to
protect Carl Kingdom?
It's no problem.
The Order is well trained,
they can look after
things while we're gone.
And besides, we can't do much
more just defending ourselves.
Let's hit Hadlar
where it hurts.
The best defense
is a good offense!
So they say... but there's no
guarantee that we can win.
It's the Dark
Lord, after all.
I saw hope-
something real in that blade
of light you were wielding.
Oh, that? That was...
a coincidence.
Roka: Yeah, yeah.
Coincidence or not,
you still managed to
drive back that menace.
And that... Well,
let's call it a start.
Narrator: It would
take much training
and countless battles
to hone its power...
But one day, that blinding
light and its master would
become known throughout
the entire world.
Avan... Strash!
Narrator:
In order to bind with
the Great Purification
Spell, Kaglimmer,
Leona braves the
monster-infested Cave of Trials.
At the same time,
Dai seeks Nova's assistance in
improving his swordsmanship.
And while he waits for
his friends to return,
Popp discovers a mysterious
power locked within
the Insignias of Avan.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Cave of Trials".